[Music]
is very very strong Toñin you are a very good
interviewer when they let you
very good my dearest lovers of the
heart how are you I hope you are
enjoying the weekend that is already
slipping away from us like new how fast it goes and
well I have to tell you about a salse milestone
in which Jorge Javier throws a
rather poisoned dart at Tony Moreno his
colleague on the network who well well he
will have it sentenced because he has
interviewed Olga and he well can't
and he would like you know that as
very lively no and he wants all the
limelight always and to get everything
for himself not to remember those first
episodes of the series of Rocío Carrasco
that were presented by Carlota
Corredera and the moment he saw that
this was successful he became the
presenter there not the two presenters I
mean that has never happened in
life when you have seen that in a program
like this you have to be with two
presenters who seemed the two well I do
n't know what it seemed I was going to compare
later with Pepe Navarro and with Ivonne
Reyes in the  mouth game no the
mouth game it was like the goose game
that I was watching the other day 11
program like that
investigating little things maybe clicking and
all but no the truth is that it is not
comparable about there was pp navarro and that
the other one was much less some king it is
like it does not give me the same impression that you
think I tell you the thing is that Jorge is
very lively he is very lively and it will surely
have made him very angry and on top of that he has a
reason because the truth is that the passage of
gas moreno through telecinco is devastating and although she
is not an artist and she is not a person
who was born famous because she is the
daughter of someone or because she has done some
spectacular work, she is very
loved by the public and it is stupid
to deny the people who move
Toñi Moreno herself knew it and she let
Olga know while she was interviewing her
you have to see the blue tide they are or
that I am a trend
I am a trend and the social networks even
without being news many days no and Olga
well knows it too no
Olga has already become a
regular collaborator of survivor and she will be there I
think always unless  that Jorge is
presenting it, okay,
Olga is never
on the set as long as it
is Jorge who presents it and that maybe makes her
angry and now the things that he
supports that he throws at Toñi Moreno go
to the heart of
the presenter as an interviewer it
's not like, well knowing who is to blame for the
interview that Olga had, well the truth is that it
was quite 'light' we are going to give it
a like because we want more sauce we don't
want her to go into more detail but
I have to yes what she did give us
quite a few headlines she was letting out the thing about
Raquel Moreno she was letting out a lot of
things that we liked okay in fact
here we have commented on the interview with a
few videos but of course it is not
a deluxe sálvame they wanted an
exclusive like
what's happening with Antonio David how do you
feel what do you think of Rocío Carrasco what do you
think of the cameras about Marta
Riesco I don't know what and that well you're not going
to Olga Moreno on the set of on the set
of Let Yourself Be Loved okay it's a dish that is
not it is not  a heart program let's
say no when she wants to give a
simple exclusive I imagine that they will give her
a powerful magazine or something I don't know another
for another plate I don't know the truth but
the prose of what
the things that Olga is never going to do anything
that destroys Antonio David and the thing
would have to be a lot okay right now
the relationship that
the two have is quite good very good they have a little girl this Davis and Rocío no no it's a plan okay I mean no matter how disappointed very hurt she was the wounds are healing each one is going on with their life and is not going to enter into a war of sinking okay now
Olga is not going one day Antonio Abilido if that is what he
intends in it well I'll leave you with
the click the truth is it seems to me a pull
that is not relevant but well I
put it for you to create a country do not let me know
in the comments box what to think I
send a huge hug and until the
next video
[Music]